This is the CU version of sudo, release 1.3.6 (BETA)

Sudo is a program designed to allow a sysadmin to give limited root privileges
to users and log root activity.  The basic philosophy is to give as few
privileges as possible but still allow people to get their work done.

Before you try and build sudo, *please* make sure you have the current
version.  The latest sudo may always be gotten via anonymous ftp
from ftp.cs.colorado.edu in the directory /pub/sysadmin/utilities/.
The distribution is cu-sudo.v1.3.6plN.tar.Z where N is the patchlevel
(for patchlevel 0 there is no plN suffix).

For a history of CU sudo please see the HISTORY file that came with the
release.  Please note that while this source is based on the Root
Group's sudo 1.1, the code has been changed significantly, so please
do not bother them with bugs in CU sudo.  Bug reports for this sudo
should be sent to sudo-bugs@cs.colorado.edu.

CU sudo 1.3.6 represents a huge change from the 1.3.1 code base.
It includes a completely rewritten parser contributed by Chris Jepeway,
a smarter and easier to use visudo, an updated configure script along
with the usual bug fixes and portability changes.  See the CHANGES file
for the full scoop.

Note that sudo now uses a "configure script."  You should be able to just
type "./configure" and to generate the Makefiles, config.h and pathnames.h.
Sudo should build "out of the box" for the OS's listed in SUPPORTED.
Regardless, you should read the INSTALL file before proceeding.

Also note that sudo options are now configured in options.h instead of
the Makefile or sudo.h.  For more info see the INSTALL file.  If you
need to make changes, please send them to sudo-bugs@cs.colorado.edu

MAILING LISTS:

Please send bugs, problems, comments, etc to sudo-bugs@cs.colorado.edu
There is a mailing list that receives announcements whenever a new
version of sudo is released.  You can subscribe to it by sending a
message to "majordomo@cs.colorado.edu" that includes the line
"subscribe sudo-announce".  There is also a list for people working
on sudo.  The command to add yourself is "subscribe sudo-workers".
